docs: add uniform use section to readmes (#4655)
arcjet/arcjet-js: arcjet-astro/README.md

npx astro add @arcjet/astro
```

## Use

Configure Arcjet in `astro.config.mjs`:

```js
import arcjet, { shield } from "@arcjet/astro";
import { defineConfig } from "astro/config";

> export default defineConfig({

Author: I am sorry, I do not understand what you mean

> export default defineConfig({

Reviewer: Astro will prompt them as well in an error message so they'll probably find it and can probably omit here as you say

  // We recommend setting
  // [`validateSecrets`](https://docs.astro.build/en/reference/configuration-reference/#envvalidatesecrets).
  env: { validateSecrets: true },
  integrations: [
    arcjet({
      rules: [
        // Shield protects your app from common attacks.
        // Use `DRY_RUN` instead of `LIVE` to only log.
        shield({ mode: "LIVE" }),
      ],
    }),
  ],
});
```

> …then use Arcjet in dynamic Astro pages (such as `src/pages/api.json.ts`):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
…then use Arcjet in on-demand routes (such as `src/pages/api.json.ts`):
```

It's been tricky getting this wording to match their docs. I probably need to do another pass on the docs too, but I think this is the most accurate term? It's quite confusing as the exported flag is `prerender = false` as well

https://docs.astro.build/en/guides/routing/#on-demand-dynamic-routes

Author: I... do not know. So, sure!

```ts
import type { APIRoute } from "astro";
import aj from "arcjet:client";

export const GET: APIRoute = async ({ request }) => {
  const decision = await aj.protect(request);

  if (decision.isDenied()) {
    return Response.json({ message: "Forbidden" }, { status: 403 });
  }

  return Response.json({ message: "Hello world" });
};
```

> For more on how to configure Arcjet with Astro and how to protect Astro,

Reviewer: Maybe where applicable we can link the full example app as well?

Author: Aren’t they linked from there?

They are also linked above already for these integrations.
I plan on looking at the other sections, and that will then cover these example sections, perhaps we can discuss it then?
